---
layout: post
title:  Quotes
date:   2021-05-16 07:50
description: funfacts
---

I will put random quotes here until I can figure out a better place for them.

---

<blockquote>
  Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.<br>
    — Rumi
</blockquote>

20210516: This has been on my main page in the last year. Served its purpose during the period when I was not sure whether I should have changed my track.

---

<blockquote>
  Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.<br>
    — Carl Sagan
</blockquote>

20210509: I came across this in the book "Algorithms to live by" by Tom Griffiths and Brian Christian. In a way, this reassures that maybe it doesn't matter that much as to which path I'll be taking, as long as I haven't given up exploring. I guess I knew this all the time, just hasn't been able to practice this philosophy.

---

<blockquote>
    The best thing about being a statistician is that you get to play in everyone's backyard.<br>
    — John Tukey
</blockquote>

Came across this [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxdGIA8qZ0A){:target="_blank"}. 

I don't particularly feel strongly about this, just think it's an interesting thought. The idea of, if I've suddenly become interested in a certain field, I can just shift gears to that field and utilize my quantitative skills there, is kind of uncomfortable to me. Going into something new always sounds stressful to me. I guess this boils down to my subconscious stubborn misbelief that I need to be able to understand everything myself in order to get work done.

---

<blockquote>
    I like crossing the imaginary boundaries people set up between different fields — it’s very refreshing. <br>
    — Maryam Mirzakhani (1977-2017)
</blockquote>

20201202: I came across this while watching an introductory video on algebraic geometry. Link [here](https://www.nationalacademies.org/event/05-14-2019/math-frontiers-webinar-algebraic-geometry){:target="_blank"}. 


